About
Hello, My name is Aayush Kurup. I am a Software Engineer from Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India. Currently, I am employed by Squareboat Solutions as Software Engineer.


I love working on a variety of technologies including Web Development, Mobile App Development and Deep Learning. My goal is to build highly performant applications that solve real-world problems and provide users with an awesome experience.



</ Changing the world one commit at a Time >
Hi, I'm AmanAnku
Software Engineer At Nextory Private Limited

For more than five years as a self-taught developer, I'm constantly learning and perfecting my skill as a developer every day. I enjoy challenges and goals that force me to increase my knowledge and skills. I like to create things with JavaScript/TypeScript technologies that can help people do their chores easier and faster.




ABOUT

In 2019 I made a bold career move from selling beer to being a software engineer. I got lucky, because not only do I love the work, but I love writing about it, talking about it, and encouraging others to make their own bold career changes.


I'm currently a "full stack" Software Engineer with a passion for frontend. I work in Angular, C# and AWS, while my side projects are mostly in React, and I dabbled in Gatsby and GraphQL to make this site. Other passions and hobbies include: thinking about UX, writing about my experiences in tech, playing with colors and design for way too long, and renovating my recently purchased 1930s home in Portland, Oregon.


Hi! I am Chirag Samal. I have a passion for technology and the positive impact it creates in business transformation and technology improvement. Highly skilled in strategic software development and leading high-performing and energetic teams.

Music, Movies, Gadgets, Iron Man, Batman

When I am not writing code I love to spend time with my family and friends in Lagos. I hang around a couple of DAOs on Discord and actively contribute to the MoonShot Collective work-stream of GitcoinDAO and I love to read fiction and non-fiction books, watch sci-fi movies and play games on my playstation console.




I am a Junior Developer career pivoting from the music industry, with experience working with Rails, React, and more. My previous career as a musician allowed me to be collaborative and creative, which is something I now enjoy bringing to my code. I am empathetic, approachable and an active listener; traits that allow me to create great projects and build relationships along the way
Pagiunas cope


Hello, I am
Software Engineer & web developer.
Currently working as front end web developer which is where my passion for development and design converge.
There’s nothing I enjoy more than coding, searching, solving errors.
I'm positive person, naturally curious, and hardly working to improve my soft and technical skills.
I’ve spent many times trying to perfect what I do and while I’ll never be perfect, I do my best to come close.
In addition to my coding life, I spend time cooking and doing house working, organizing events, managing fb pages and groups, discovering new cultures and languges, reading books, singing at Sumle, hand crafiting or drawing and sometimes writing stories and poem.

https://anuraghazra.dev/#home
https://arielchura.com/en
https://benrogers.dev/
https://brittanychiang.com/